Company Name: S2H24 (which is stand for “Shop to Home 24 hours”)
Location: This is the NYC based company. 
It has 10 locations; four in Manhattan (Washington heights, Upper Harlem & south part of Bronx) , 
One in North part of Bronx, Two in Queens (long Island city & Flushing), Two in Brooklyn (Williamsburg & Dumbo) 

Employees: There are 40 employees in total (just initially), each location has four people.

Objectives (what we sale and how do we earn revenue):
•	We provide delivery service from any store in NYC to our customers’ home. 
•	It could be food, electronics, cloths, laundry cloths, and any kind of personal need from deli or pharmacy,
 any kind of personal moving or need to deliver.
 (NB: we don’t do the passenger transportation)
•	 Our company open 24/7 and minimum order would be $20.
•	Customer could order their product or needs in our Website,
 they could make a list and charge with their card in approximate amount of money with our 20% service charge.
•	Then we buy the customers products or needs and delivered to them with a money receipt.

Annual revenue estimate: If we get 50 order in each location per day and average order would be $50 then 50*50*20/100= $500 we get from each location. 500*10=$5000 will be daily and 5000*365=1,825,000 will be annual income without expenses. If we assume $450 (employee=$360, utility and rent=$30, Transportation and others = $60) expenses per day in a store then 50*10*365= 182,500 will be annual profit without taxes and other extra expenses. 
Payment Policy: The transaction will be completed by three steps like Merchant bank account,
 Processor and Issuing bank. We accept almost all type of card like Master Card, VISA, Discovery, 
and American Express. 
?	We would open a business account in any Merchant Bank and with a transaction charge 
(which is call discount rate) the will maintain our money with the help of third party.

?	Third party manage the money transferring relationship between Bank and Customer.
 They will check the right network and pathway to the transaction.
 Third party processor will charge per transection basis, which is in clouded the discount rate.

?	Different type of bank and financial institution will provide the Cards to our consumer or customer.

?	Association such as VISA, American Express, Master Card   will charge us an interchange fees 


 Supplier and Client:  Our suppliers would be packaging company,
 car rentals and logistic company. They will supply us packaging staff, 
and we might need car to delivered sometimes. On the other hand, 
the Clients would any person in the New York City. 
They just need to sign up with their credit card and 
address information in our website and order in online in any time in 7days and 24 hours.
 

